{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NAME  OF GROUP: Prop Heller\
\
COMPOSED OF : \
\
Fernandes Pinto Filipe\
Ponsot William \
Ri\'e7o Cladas Bruno Oscar\
Baur David\
Herzig Quentin Loris \
Reinhard Florian \
\
Motivation of the methods:\
\
Characterization of the sensor: \
\
	- Datasheet \
	- Test\
\
Motivation : \
\
From the datasheet, we can observe multiple things: \
\
- 
\b \ul sonar
\b0 \ulnone : \
\
quite precise (resolution 1cm ) but consist of an relative altitude measurement (and so won\'92t be useful for skipping the box). Furthermore, its sampling frequency is quite low (respectively 40 Hz) and thus cannot be fast enough to be the only sensor considered for controlling the altitude. Additionally, it has tendance to drift and the quality of the measurement will depend of the reflexion surface. Those two last element has to be determined by testing. However, as the quadrotor will only process vertical translation, the limitation of its beam pattern won\'92t interfere with our measurement.\
\
- 
\b \ul barometer:\
\

\b0 \ulnone Less precise than the sonar (resolution 20 cm), the barometer gives us an absolute attitude measurement. The sampling frequency is the same than sonar for the mode ultra high resolution (resp. 40 Hz). Sadly, the changes of pressure induce by the environment (for example, closing or opening a door) will false the measurements. \
\
- 
\b \ul accelerometer:\
\

\b0 \ulnone The accelerometer is not an altitude sensor but give  some informations about the movements of the quadrotor. The sampling frenquency is 250 Hz. \
\
Due to the fact that the sensors aren\'92t precise either and the relative altitude doesn\'92t success to analyse the add of the box, we need to combine multiple sensors. \
\
Filter Method. \
\
Complementary filter: \
\
- accelerometer/sonar\
- accelerometer/barometer\
- barometer/sonar\
- all in one\
\
\
}